if you need any ultimate team coins head
over to foot coin King calm there's a
link in the description and if you use
my discount co-chairs see 80s as you can
see on screen you get yourself an extra
five percent off hey guys how's it going
two years back again with another
episode of Suarez's road to redemption
we're into episode number 19 and hoping
today to continue our very very good
form and pick up some more points in
Division six now now so he's going to be
making his debut today we pulled him in
a pack yesterday and of course Lucas
played very very well on his debut in
the previous game he will be continuing
in that right mid spot but we come up
against the team of all teams record
breaker closer as well as team of the
season tevez Gervinho Vidal can driver
de Rossi Pogba Chiellini & benicia
inform Buffon and legend cannavaro that
is a retardedly good team and a
ridiculously expensive team by far and
away the best team we've ever come up
against in this series one of the best
teams I've ever come up against in
ultimate team full stop regardless of
series or even year since 2009 that's
probably one of the best teams I've ever
had to face in a game but we were
getting off to a decent start on the
front foot and unfortunately Nasri so I
tried to take early to catch a
goalkeeper by surprise they didn't
really work it just kind of trickled
past the far post but we looking we were
going to continue our attacking vain and
marvo and leighton baines link up very
nicely indeed leighton baines does have
a good shot on him but Buffon does have
a good savored him on the other side of
that coin so well unfortunately we were
only able to pick up a corner thereof
which nothing in particular came and
then we're trying to catch them on the
counter attack again he was very very
good at the game to go along with the
fact that his team was ridiculously good
it was so hard to break down defensively
and when I did get a chance like that I
had to kind of soul I run it because he
was blocking off every single
opportunity I had to pass because he was
just really really organized at the back
I don't know whether it was some custom
tactics but I just never had any options
whenever I had a man on the board it was
just a white shirt absolutely everywhere
as we headed into the second half Buffon
continued to thwart me and go chance
after chance after chance he was going
to save and as you can see Sylvain
Marveaux goes on a really really nice
run and again Buffon dies down to his
left hand say lest hands
oh dear his left hand side there we go
and keeps us out again but we pick up a
corner a few minutes later in it whips
can't quite win the first time it's
going to drop to Ramirez on the edge of
the box so takes it around one man takes
it round the second man gives it a whack
towards the bottom corner and it's
straighter Buffon unfortunately and it
is going to drop to him again and the
second shot is justice time straight at
Jen Luigi Buffon and that was the story
of the entire game Buffon was the
difference in that one you'll be able to
see from the stats that come up on your
screen in just a second all I had to do
in that game or all I was resorting to
was just keeping possession I had to
keep it away from him because his place
was so good if I made one mistake he was
going to make me pay sixty one percent
position 10 shots eight on target so we
were still creating stuff going forward
and Buffon made us great save on all
eight of those on target shot so
unfortunately we didn't earn any packs
but at this particular time of recording
that there were 100 k-pax in store so I
thought regardless of whatever happens
in each of the games I'll open one 100k
pack at the end of each games to the
first one is opening on your screen as
you can see it we're hoping for a team
of the tournament international man of
the match ball is going to spin round
and actually the man that's going to pop
up is Wayne Rooney which isn't a bad
pool to be completely honest 87 rated
had this been at the start of the game
that would have been a fantastic pool
and he would have been worth a lot of
money now is only worth about 5 or 6 k
which sucks but we get Rooney we get
heart another good barclays premier
league player Walcott's good as well and
we get messy so another 87 rated player
who at the beginning of the game would
have gone for tens and tens of thousands
of coins and it's actually earth so
that's going to find himself in the
starting lineup I didn't have a CF to
camp card to put Rooney into the
starting lineup unfortunately so where
he's going to have to start on the bench
and I may bring him on in future
reference or I think actually after we
played this second game I went and
bought CF to cam card so he might
feature in that role for the next
episode but the next guy we play has
another strong team it looks deceptively
not that strong but every player in that
team has a purpose and a role to play
obviously a bar bow is ridiculous up top
guardado and quadrado out wide off off
of the place in those wide areas and its
really really going to be a problem for
me in this game
barbeau this guy knew that a barber was
ridiculously good probably the best
player on the game even though he's like
2k and he tried to take advantage of
that as much as possible every single
time he broke on the counter attack or
just was building an attack it was give
it to a bar bow sprint give it to a bar
bow sprint try and put other people out
of the way give it to a bar bow sprint
so once I managed to figure that out I
actually tried all was able to work to
nullify his threats but that wasn't
before he'd already gone one ill up and
we were so close to coming back to 11 in
that instance marchetti with a
stupendously good save it's gonna dive
back here just with his fingertips whip
it and I couldn't he wouldn't let me
change play until about now by which
time Suarez was all the ball was already
too far passwords and I couldn't get
there to cut it back into the the the
back of the net and Marchetti was going
to have another great save from the
following corner as well down low as it
was heading into the the bottom corner
of the goal and then he just hoofed it
clear out of the out of the defense just
to make sure that his defense just
regained their positions and there
weren't any gaps in behind his line and
actually that was going to be a
recurring theme for him whenever he had
the ball drop free he was going to just
hoof it like that when there was a
little bit of pressure on his goal not
necessarily the cleanest of tactics
perhaps is a little bit dirty a little
bit cheap but it was working and
Marchetti was working as well even after
watching that chance back three four
five times whilst editing I have no idea
how after he's gone down so early he's
able to get a hand up to that shot and
make sure it doesn't go into the back of
the net I just had no idea how to get
past my kitty in this game regardless of
the amount of chances we had and again
he just hooked the ball out to make sure
that his defense could reset and I
couldn't break him down and it's been a
while but we do unfortunately lose the
game add your own Ramos is overhead kick
and the back post is enough to see us
lose the first game in about six or
seven episodes it's been a while we're
going to open another 100k pack again
hoping for either a highly-rated BPL
play that we can put it to the side or
an international team of the tournament
man of the match and in fact the game
trolls me Buffon absolutely murdered me
in the first game and then he went you
know what you have him instead I can't
use him we've got so high and go right
now we've got a BPO site unfortunately
we do get a couple of BPL decent players
in
in the shape of the tonkin and I think
we got what's-his-face ever Marlon in
this one as well although that may have
been the first pipe I definitely had
both permanent and Vertonghen now in the
club and then one of them has actually
going to get brought into the side
anything I bring Fatah in to where to
replace Chris morning you unfortunately
run out of contract but just going to do
some general squad magnets in the
background whilst we say thank you very
much for watching feel free to leave the
video a like if it could be so kind
hopefully we'll be able to bounce back
from today's unfortunate 22 goalless
games it's been such a long time since
we haven't scored a goal let alone or
it's been a while since we've only
scored one or two let alone not scoring
at all but still hopefully next time out
we can improve and we'll have some
medicine bad performances and better
results and of course some more packs to
open but that's going to bring this one
to a close shot the video like if you
enjoyed and of course feel free to
subscribe if you have that there'll be a
link in the top right to do so and in
the description you also find links down
below to foot coin King for your
ultimate team coins be sure to use two
co-chairs and check out so that you get
your five percent discount and also
links down there to my to my Twitter and
my Instagram as well if you want to
follow me over there but as for now
that's going to wrap this one to a close
there was a dope man career mode
uploaded anyone today and am i play
yesterday as well as another dortmund
career mode I don't know why I still
there but anyway if you don't know what
and when I upload there is a schedule in
the description and on the About tab of
the channel page so feel free to check
that so you know what videos to expect
for me and when to expect them in your
sub boxes but for now I'm rambling I'll
stop thank you very much watching drop
the video I like leave me a comment
subscribe if you haven't and I will see
you next time